
The silent killer that takes lives without warning, 
punishment, or any sympathy; 
depression is truly one of the most prominent mental 
illnesses in the world. 
Depression is defined as a mental illness inducing a 
severe and staunch feeling of sadness. 
The term depressed is coined in English as a temporary 
sadness that everyone experiences in their life.
Despite that depression is more active in women, 
it is still one of the most common mental illnesses .
It affects anybody, regardless of sex, race, ethnicity, 

Regardless of all these facts, surprisingly little
is known about depression, however, 
scientists have been able to hypothesize major causes, effects,
treatments for the disability affecting over…show more content…
It may even come abruptly, happening in just a few weeks or days. 
Nervous breakdowns are commonly associated with depression and are 
often identified due to the confusion and fear that depression brings. 
Depression heavily influences emotions and one’s outlook on life 
and more than often ends up changing a person’s life in a major way. 
People experiencing depression often feel sad every day and cry 
very often,making that too another daily routine. 
Even when participating in activities that used to bring joy, 
people begin to lose interest and begin secluding 
themselves from people and things they love. 
Depression still exists in the teen population and recently has begun
increasing in numbers. 
Reports of depression in teenagers have shown different signs from 
those of adults. Physical complaints are very 
common in the younger crowd, including stomachaches and headaches. 
It also leads to or is in correlation with eating disorders 
abnormality, social withdrawal, and of course, depressed mood. 
They may feel unenthusiastic about school and other activities. 
Their sleeping patterns become irregular and unhealthy, 
they may sleep more,but still feel lack of energy or enthusiasm. 
Elderly people with depression usually complain of physical rather 
than emotional…show more content…
People with depression may oversleep or sleep for fewer hours.  
Depression also influences one’s energy levels, regardless 
of the amount of sleep.  
Some depressed people may become nervous and easily agitated,
pacing rapidly or constantly fidgeting. 
Many experience extreme lethargy, losing motivation and will to carry on. 
An incredibly common feeling is depression 
is the feeling of a burden too great. This may be standards of other people, 
social anxiety, or traumatic experiences. 
Depressed people may also have difficulty thinking,
poor concentration, and problems with memory.  
